# Fetch Other Websites Account via Git Account
Input: The name of a github repo or a list of github developers' name.
Output: A json file which includes the name, login, location, language, tags, email and Stack Overflow dispaly name. 

The script get_info_git.py is used for dumping the developers' name, login, company, location and e-mail.
The script get_info_stackoverflow.py is used for dumping the developers' display_name, location and github account.
The script name_form.py lists the possible Stack Overflow display_name for a developer found in the github commit history.
The script syn_tags.py gets the synonymous tags which can be used in the comparsion of tags between github and Stach Overflow users. 
Run the script main.py and you can get a json file containing developers' info of github and Stack Overflow display_name.

It is easy to get the info of developers in the github commit history using github API. However, it's complicated to get the corresponding info of the same user on Stack Overflow since the info for mapping is limited. Only the username and location of a developer can be obtained, which means we should list different possible usernames for each user in the commit history. Possible name forms need to be found, and the range of related users can only be narrowed by info of location now, which is insufficient.

Fortunately, the relating github account has been found in the Stack Overflow users' profile, which, however, is not accessible through Stack Overflow API but can be extracted from the source code of the users' profile page, of which the url is something like:

https://stackoverflow.com/users/user_id

That is to say, we can get the github account using user_id. For the possible username of developers on Stack Overflow, the user_id can be obtained through API. And then the github account can be extracted from the source code of the web page using Regular Expression.

However, few users have been found to provide their github account on their profile page, which makes the mapping between developers on github and stack overflow hard to finish.

When the input of possible usernames are only name and login, the matching rate is 15.49%(11/71), and the 11 matched developers are 100% matched because their github account and Stack Overflow account are linked.

And then, possible usernames have been replenished. The possible forms of usernames are generated like:

For name which is 1 word long, like "Kazhnuz", the possible name forms are:
Kaz, Kazhnuz, nuz(the last three letters)
The reason for this generating method is that the Stack Overflow API for the query of user info can find all users whose name contains the input username, so for the uername that is 1 word long, we can simply split it into several words.

For name which is 2 words long, like "Sindre Sorhus", the possible usernames are:
Sindre Sorhus, sindresorhus, sorhus, sindre
which are generated by different combination of the First and Last name.

For name which is 3 words long (few cases are like that), like "Victor Laerte Oliveira", the possible usernames are:
laerte, oliveira, victor
Simply split the name into three parts can also get a lot of different possible name because the Stack Overflow API returns all users whose name contains the input username.After using the possible names, the matching rate is 31%(22/71).

For the location and tags commparsion, the score is used to evaluate the similarity between the github and Stack Overflow users. For those whose locations are 100% matched, the location_score is 1; And for those whose locations are partly matched, the levenstein distance, which is recognized as the minimum edit distance, is used to evaluate the similarity between the two locations, and the distance has been normalized for the evaluation. 

For the comparison of tags, the synonymous tags list is used. By finding the number of tags which are related according to the list, the tags_score can be obtained by the ratio of matched_count to total_count, where the total_count is the number of github users' tags.

The final score is the sum of the location_score and tags_score, and an appropriate threshold should be set to improve the matching rate.

The next step is to find more synonymous tags, set an appropriate threshold and verify the linkage between the users matched by the score.

Author: AlvinZSJ
